DOC: Better describe utilization of custom templates (#1969)
poldracklab/fmriprep: docs/spaces.rst

   *fMRIPrep* will reduce the amount of output spaces to just spaces listed in ``--output-spaces``,
   even if other options require resampling the preprocessed data into intermediary spaces.

.. _TemplateFlow:

*TemplateFlow*
""""""""""""""
*TemplateFlow* is a software library and a repository of neuroimaging templates
that allows end-user applications such as *fMRIPrep* to flexibly query and pull
template and atlas information.

> In other words, *TemplateFlow* affords *fMRIPrep* with access to a wide range

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, *TemplateFlow* enables *fMRIPrep* to access a wide range
```
